Add connector tool (#7384)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints.md

| Field | Data type | Description |
|:---|:---|:---|

> | `action_type` | String | Required. Sets the ML Commons API operation to use upon connection. Valid values are `predict` (to invoke an externally hosted model) and `execute` (to invoke any REST API function). |

Author: The `execute` action can't be used for model. Model can only use `predict` action

> | `action_type` | String | Required. Sets the ML Commons API operation to use upon connection. Valid values are `predict` (to invoke an externally hosted model) and `execute` (to invoke any REST API function). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `action_type` | String | Required. Sets the ML Commons API operation to use upon connection. As of OpenSearch 2.9, only `predict` is supported. |
```
